EIP-129: Backport support for MySQL 8 for 3.0.x. (#8)
mekomsolutions/openmrs-dbsync: README.md

   the server-id needs to match the value of `debezium.db.serverId` property in the sender `application.properties` file.

   **DO NOT** set the `expire_logs_days` because you never want your logs to expire just in case the sync application is
   run for a while due to unforeseen circumstances.

>     For MySQL 8 Support, more info are available on [openmrs-eip](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-eip#mysql-8-support)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For MySQL 8 Support, more info is available on the [openmrs-eip](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-eip#mysql-8-support) repository.
```
